README.md, before:

# Directory Snapshot
Creates a recursive backup of a directory in the form of interlinked HTML files, structured in the same form as the input directory.
  
 >**It does not take a backup of the contents of the directory.**
 
It just stores the names and sizes of all the files and folders contained in a directory, so that in case of a data loss, at least we know what all needs to be recovered.

*It can be thought of as a hyperlinked version of the [`dir /s`][1] or [`tree /f`][2] commands.*

**Requirements -:**
 - A compiler supporting C++11
 - The [Boost][3] [filesystem][4] library.

**An example has been included to demonstrate its functioning.**  
 - For running the input example yourself, first delete the sample output - `example/output/coding`, and then execute the program by entering the path to `example/input/coding` as the source directory and the path to `example/output` as the destination directory.

**TODO -:**
 - Ask the user whether to follow links or not ( as a command-line argument ).

[1]:https://technet.microsoft.com/en-in/library/cc755121.aspx
[2]:https://www.microsoft.com/resources/documentation/windows/xp/all/proddocs/en-us/tree.mspx?mfr=true
[3]:http://www.boost.org
[4]:http://www.boost.org/doc/libs/1_57_0/libs/filesystem/doc/index.htm

Commit message:

Major changes:  - Added progress status display  - Modified the logging procedure; 2 log files - 1 for errors and 1 for informational messages.  - Reduced memory usage by clearing containers which were not of use anymore before entering into another recursion.

README.md, after:

# Directory Snapshot
Stores the metadata of a directory in the form of interlinked HTML files, structured in the same form as the input directory.  

It does not take a backup of the contents of a directory; just stores the names and sizes of all the files and folders contained in the directory recursively.  
It can be useful when you do not have enough space for a full backup, and your data consists of files which could be obtained easily again from another source after a disk failure (for example, software installation files).  

*It can be thought of as a hyperlinked version of the [`dir /s`][1] or [`tree /f`][2] commands.*

**Requirements:**
 - A compiler supporting C++11
 - The [Boost.Filesystem][4] library

**Installation:**
 - Before compiling this, you need to [build the Boost.Filesystem object-library][4]  
 - Execute *`INSTALL`*
 
**Usage:**
 - An example has been included to demonstrate its functioning  
 - For running the program on the example yourself, execute *`RUN`*

**TODO:**
 - Reorganize the project by splitting into multiple files.

[1]:https://technet.microsoft.com/en-in/library/cc755121.aspx
[2]:https://www.microsoft.com/resources/documentation/windows/xp/all/proddocs/en-us/tree.mspx?mfr=true
[3]:http://www.boost.org/doc/libs/1_57_0/libs/filesystem/doc/index.htm
[4]:http://www.boost.org/doc/libs/1_57_0/libs/filesystem/doc/index.htm#Building
